Make target audience explicit on docs.wire.com. (#2662)
wireapp/wire-server: docs/src/developer/index.rst

Notes for developers
====================

> If you are a site operator, you may want to go back to `docs.wire.com <https://docs.wire.com/>`_ and ignore this section of the docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an on-premise operator (administrating your own self-hosted installation of wire-server), you may want to go back to `docs.wire.com <https://docs.wire.com/>`_ and ignore this section of the docs.
```
